Update github_audit_logs.md (#1132)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/cloud_and_saas/github_audit_logs.md

## Configure

> **Note: according to [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/rest/enterprise-admin/audit-log) you must have GitHub enterprise and be Enterprise Admin to collect the Audit Logs.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Note
    According to [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/rest/enterprise-admin/audit-log), you must have GitHub enterprise and be Enterprise Admin to collect the Audit Logs.**
```

## Configure

!!! Note

>     According to [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/rest/enterprise-admin/audit-log), you must have GitHub enterprise and be Enterprise Admin to collect the Audit Logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You must be Administrator of the organization to create the audit logs API KEY.
```

We do not fetch the logs of a github enterprise but of a github organization :)
